So I don't want to cry in this video because I cried the other day if I can't guarantee that I won't cry generally thank you very much for coming to Cambridge for an interview for the graduate course in Medicine this year before Color Bla Bla Bla Bla Bla Bla after detailed consideration. I'm not bothered about that but yeah that's why I didn't tell anyone in person straight away and then about the actual email. I'm very much like disheartened and I think one of the main reasons is the fact that I kind of tried to put a lot into it.
I never thought I would say this but I have done my final year exams five exams in five days wow. I couldn't face the camera before this exam because I said I was just so stressed and nervous, but what you do want it definitely does something like something clicks and you know okay we're in exam season can't change you just got to do it there's my lovely board still up like in my stress of packing my bag I put in some tissue but then I put in my pencil case and I was like no. I'm one of those very broad and I'm now done with my chemistry my minor it's done all I have.
How do I find a nice person to go on a date with Um. What do I, what do I say next Your second name Let them know as much about me as possible. It's gross, isn't it When it's actually happening with, If it's just like you're sitting there It's really bad to just, go in Lean in and do that Yeah, that's weird Don't ah-No one should ever do that Is there like no no's that you shouldn't do on the first date Ahhhhm Say they're ugly.
well former First Lady Michelle Obama thank you for being here to talk with us about your new book thanks for having me. Is there one piece of advice that you would give for people who are thinking about how you put in that work for a partnership that's lasted that yeah it's not really one piece of advice. I was a political correspondent and I spent a lot of time traveling this country and talking to young people in particular and what I heard a lot and I'm sure you hear this too from the people who write you letters or come to events that you hold is the fact that they want to believe in a world of going high but.
Karl Marx is often described as one of the greatest thinkers of the 19th century. Marx predicted that capitalism would lead to globalization and that a handful of firms would have huge market dominance. Although there is a lot to learn from Marx his solution was far worse than the disease.
2023 a year that many are facing with trepidation and whilst much of the world will be tightening its belt. A population boom under MAo was followed by the introduction of the one child policy in 1979.. This created a big working age population with fewer children to raise providing the MAnpower for China's extraordinary economic expansion India's demographic bulge started much later than China's in the 2010s its forecast to continue to around 2050. The Formby Encyclopedia of our history of our culture so in taking them away and locking them involved in various museums all over the world.
