So I don't want to cry in this video because I cried the other day if I can't guarantee that I won't cry generally thank you very much for coming to Cambridge for an interview for the graduate course in Medicine this year before Color Bla Bla Bla Bla Bla Bla after detailed consideration. what I could and it just wasn't good enough this year and so I wanted to talk to you guys to not only tell you but I wanted to sit down and tell myself as well as you guys why it's okay. I could have applied to lots more and maybe got a place but I just didn't want to have loads of interviews so I just applied to one so I mean I can't I can only really blame myself and that's fine in terms of what I'm gonna do.
I never thought I would say this but I have done my final year exams five exams in five days wow. I'm just gonna drop topics now because unlikely that they will ask a similar question that's the P okay that evening was pretty stressful because I knew that I had an exam at [UNK] a.m. the next day. It's a flaxseed that's me for my morning breakfast exam number two Oh my gosh and I've done more than half of my degree more than half because my dissertation I have already done that and it is more than my minor module, which I have to work over halfway through just to let you walk to the door and I should just go silly and yes I am wearing the same clothes.
How do I find a nice person to go on a date with Um. So is it important to be like, [UNK] going on a fancy restaurant date" "gonna spend loads of money. It's gross, isn't it When it's actually happening with, If it's just like you're sitting there It's really bad to just, go in Lean in and do that Yeah, that's weird Don't ah-No one should ever do that Is there like no no's that you shouldn't do on the first date Ahhhhm Say they're ugly.
well former First Lady Michelle Obama thank you for being here to talk with us about your new book thanks for having me. Your family story that I think so many people have wanted to know for so long and but this book is it's more practical it's like a guidebook almost yeah I call it a tool kit I mean I think I'm like everybody Over the last few years we have been struggling um you know economic uncertainty, a pandemic isolation Uh Injustice. So I think it's important for us to be honest in those conversations not to glamorize what a partnership feels like because then young people quit too soon they quit before they've really you know played out the full scenario so one of the things that I loved that was a through line that ran throughout this book is the the revolving relationships between parents and children and particularly mothers and daughters and you wrote a lot about your relationship with your mom who we all know played a pivotal role with living with your family during your years in the white house.
Karl Marx is often described as one of the greatest thinkers of the 19th century. Marx claimed that in pursuit of profit capitalists would encourage their ideology that work is good, leisure is bad and material things will make us happy embracing mass production depriving workers of job satisfaction At the same time exploiting the working-class. Since the 1980s, the number of people in absolute poverty has fallen by about 1 billion.
2023 a year that many are facing with trepidation and whilst much of the world will be tightening its belt. What's happened in 2022 is that central banks around the world and most importantly America's federal reserve have been raising interest rates and what that's meant is that there's been a growing gap between interest rates in JApan and in the rest of the world. For two centuries a Greek newspaper has revealed the museum has been in talks about their possible return, but there are many legal barriers to restitution, often making it a political decision rather than one solely for the museum trustees, which means it remains to be seen whether the Parthenon Marbles, the Indian Kohinoor diamond, or indeed any other artifacts might make their way home.
